Small fix in kubelet.md (#35722)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet.md

<td colspan="2">--container-runtime-endpoint string</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td></td><td style="line-height: 130%; word-wrap: break-word;">The endpoint of remote runtime service. Unix Domain Sockets are supported on Linux, while npipe and tcp endpoints are supported on windows. Examples: <code>unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock</code>, <code>npipe:////./pipe/dockershim</code>.</td>

Reviewer: I checked this against https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.24/cmd/kubelet/app/options/options.go#L302

```suggestion
<td></td><td style="line-height: 130%; word-wrap: break-word;">The endpoint of remote runtime service. Unix Domain Sockets are supported on Linux, while npipe and tcp endpoints are supported on windows. Examples: <code>unix:///path/to/runtime.sock</code>, <code>npipe:////./pipe/runtime</code>.</td>
```

</tr>
<tr>
<td></td><td style="line-height: 130%; word-wrap: break-word;">Comma-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be used.<br/>

> Preferred values:<br/>

Reviewer: Why this change?

Author: Reference [Insecure values](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/commit/01e0a9ebd16fb7650df82ae9253f19f25e0caa95#diff-a7a37ad9496edf0e4b1ef0cf4270571e43d83d29a9b8fd9c14b6a155a6746e38R1096)

Author: I checked against the [upstream code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.24/cmd/kubelet/app/options/options.go#L412-L413), no newline after `Preferred values:` and `Insecure values:`. I have deleted the `<br/>` after `Preferred values:` and `Insecure values:`. PTAL.

</tr>
<tr>
<td></td><td style="line-height: 130%; word-wrap: break-word;">Comma-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be used.<br/>

> Preferred values: 

Reviewer: Please omit this whitespace change.

Author: Done. PTAL.

`TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305`, `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305`, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`<br/>

> Insecure values: 

Reviewer: Please omit the trailing space here.
